Version 3.8.3 release notes (#61)
MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io: collections/_cms/changelog.md

published: true
---

## Jan 28th 2020 - v3.8.3

### New

> * Display of the solution’s default language first and non default language alphabetically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Display the Solution’s default language first, and then all non-default languages alphabetically.
```

### Bug Fixes

* **Type visibility:** Sort location types alphabetically.
* **User:** Newly created user had no roles and was treated as a legacy user by the CMS. 

> * **Route Access:** When 2 edges on different floors had the same coordinates, it was only possible to create a route element on one of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Route Access:** When two edges on different floors had the same coordinates, it was only possible to create a route element on one of them.
```
